DOCS: Add hint for toolkit icon visiblity (#6123)
ansys/pyaedt: doc/source/Getting_started/Installation.rst

  :width: 400
  :alt: PyAEDT toolkit manager 2

> After installing the toolkit, you can only see the toolkit icon in the ribbon when you create a new design or open a design for the corresponding toolkit.
> You can only see the toolkit icons for the corresponding design environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the toolkit is installed, its icon will only appear in the ribbon when you either create a new design or open an existing one that is compatible with the toolkit. Toolkit icons are visible only within the corresponding design environment.
```
Just rephrasing to improve readability. Thanks for the contribution @Ronaldo-SIPI

> You will also only see the toolkit icons for the corresponding design environment.

Reviewer 2: Avoid using will, please rephrase it
